hey everyone this is taro from MFG ENCOM
and today I'm going to show you how to
connect your brand new Nintendo 3ds
to the Internet okay so setting up your
3ds to the Internet is pretty simple
you'll need a few things if you want to
play online you need a game that can be
played online you also need a broadband
internet connection and either a
wireless network via a wireless router
or an Ethernet enabled internet
connection for that you'll need a
Nintendo USB Wi-Fi connector which is
sold separately
today this guide we're going to show you
how to connect via a wireless access
point so first of all in the opening
menu you'll need to scroll on over to
system settings which is the wrench
click on the wrench pretty simple wait
for it to load up and then click on
internet settings and you don't want to
click on internet des connections you
wanna click on internet connection
settings again you want to set up a new
connection and you want to click on
manual setup as this is the tutorial now
if you've got a nintendo Wi-Fi USB
connector that's sold separately the
guide is pretty self-explanatory very
simple sets it up for you
but we're going to search for a wireless
access point today and it's going to
search for our wireless network access
point found and you'll see on this page
here that next to each one that's found
it's got a lock next to it as you can
see these two here I've got an open lock
that means they're accessible you don't
need to access them via a security
password with the mm G n HQ connection
it's locked so we need to enter in a
security password if you've got security
enabled and you don't remember your
password you have to contact the router
manufacturer to access your router but
there are guides online for every
different type of router anyway so just
search on Google and they are easily
click on your wireless access network
and it's going to ask you to input the
security key so enter and it is case
sensitive so to make a mistake once
you've entered the password click OK and
it's going to ask you if you want to
save the connection of course you do
connection settings are now saved and
you want to test the connection and that
will do it for you and it should connect
as you can see up in the top here it's
connected Internet access point can
actually successful and as you can see
here that connection there is not
selected so you can change the
connections test the settings or delete
the settings if you want to use a
different wireless access point as you
can see here it's got the security and
everything so theyíre hope that helped
you out to connect your paradius to the
internet happy gaming
you